go to command prompt

type following command:

docker pull hello-world


since we don't have image "hello-world", this command will download it from internet and will give you following message


Unable to find image 'hello-world:latest' locally
Using default tag: latest
latest: Pulling from library/hello-world
c1ec31eb5944: Pull complete
Digest: sha256:ac69084025c660510933cca701f615283cdbb3aa0963188770b54c31c8962493
Status: Downloaded newer image for hello-world:latest
docker.io/library/hello-world:latest

This message shows that your installation appears to be working correctly.

in order to list how many images do we have, type

docker images

this will show you following output:

REPOSITORY    TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED        SIZE
hello-world   latest    d2c94e258dcb   7 months ago   13.3kB


notice the image "hello-word"
someone must have created it on his/her system and uploaded. We have downloaded and executed it on our system.

how will you check existing docker images on internet?
	go to
		hub.docker.com

click on the link "see all docker official images"

the image "hello-world" which you just downloaded , can be seen on
	https://hub.docker.com/_/hello-world


now since you have pulled "hello-world" image , you can view it inside Docker Desktop.

now let's create container with the help of "hello-world" image:

go to cmd and type following command:
	docker run hello-world


this will show following output:


Hello from Docker!
This message shows that your installation appears to be working correctly.

To generate this message, Docker took the following steps:
 1. The Docker client contacted the Docker daemon.
 2. The Docker daemon pulled the "hello-world" image from the Docker Hub.
    (amd64)
 3. The Docker daemon created a new container from that image which runs the
    executable that produces the output you are currently reading.
 4. The Docker daemon streamed that output to the Docker client, which sent it
    to your terminal.

To try something more ambitious, you can run an Ubuntu container with:
 $ docker run -it ubuntu bash

Share images, automate workflows, and more with a free Docker ID:
 https://hub.docker.com/

For more examples and ideas, visit:
 https://docs.docker.com/get-started/


How will you display available containers?
	docker ps -a


this will show following output:

CONTAINER ID   IMAGE         COMMAND    CREATED              STATUS                          PORTS     NAMES
7e785f213d53   hello-world   "/hello"   About a minute ago   Exited (0) About a minute ago             focused_wozniak


now go to Docker Desktop and check the container

	you will find "hello-world" container

