many-to-many relationship requires a join table to store the association between the two entities. This join table is typically created automatically by Hibernate, and the relationship is maintained using a pair of foreign keys (one from each table).

what is "mappedBy"

In JPA, when you have a bidirectional relationship (both sides are aware of the other side), you need to specify which side owns the relationship. The side that owns the relationship will be responsible for managing the relationship in the database (i.e., creating and updating the join table).

The "mappedBy" attribute tells Hibernate that the "Project" entity is not responsible for the relationship but rather the "Employee" entity is. In other words, the "Employee" entity owns the relationship, and the "Project" entity is simply the inverse side.

In the Employee class:

@ManyToMany
private List<Project> projects;

This annotation means that an Employee can have multiple Projects associated with it.
The join table will be created automatically to manage the relationships between Employee and Project in the "employee_project" table.

Since this is the "owning side" of the relationship, JPA will create and update the join table based on the "Employee" entity.

In the Project class:

@ManyToMany(mappedBy="projects")
private List<Employee> employees;

The 'mappedBy="projects"'  part tells Hibernate that the Project entity is the inverse side of the relationship and the relationship is mapped by the projects field in the "Employee" entity.

This means that "Project" does not own the relationship, and it does not need to maintain the join table or handle the relationship's changes.

So, in our example:

Owning side: The Employee entity owns the relationship and controls the join table.

Inverse side: The Project entity uses the mappedBy attribute to indicate that the relationship is managed by the Employee entity, and the Project entity is simply the inverse side.

Join Table (employee_project)

The join table "employee_project" is created automatically, and it contains two 

columns:

employees_eid (a foreign key referencing the eid column in the Employee table)
projects_pid (a foreign key referencing the pid column in the Project table)

The employee_project table manages the many-to-many relationship between the Employee and Project entities. The entries in the table represent the associations, such as:

Employee 1 (Harry) working on Project 1 (Emart)
Employee 1 (Harry) working on Project 2 (Etour)

This table effectively acts as a bridge between the Employee and Project entities.